OK, so hopefully you try these problems on your own, and once again, I can't stress enough the idea
that if you're not practicing these problems, you're not going to get better at them.
So if you haven't done so, pause this video and try these problems.
But without further delay, we're just going to step into it and get to it.
So we have twenty one point five feet per one second.
And ah, the idea here is we're going to go from feet to meters and then from second to ours.
OK, so from FITA meters, we're looking at our facts over here.
I'm just a recess that's a little bit in my way.
So we're going from feet to meters.
Hopefully you're saying the idea that you're going to be using this fact over here and we have we're
going to be canceling on our feet right now.
So how many feet is it?
Oh, it's three point twenty eight feet is equal to what is equal to one meter.
Our units do cancel out, leaving us with meters.
Look at that.
We actually have our goal of getting 10 meters and we already have our meters.
The only thing is, though, is that we have meters per second and we want meters per hour.
So now we're going to be converting from seconds to hours.
We have seconds on the bottom, sorry, right off the bat.
We already know that.
We want seconds on the top.
Looking at this over here, hopefully we're saying we want to go from seconds to minutes.
So we have 60 seconds is equal to what?
It's equal to one minute and our Irey jumped ahead and cancel out my units.
Not a good practice, but either way, that's fine.
I saw that.
That's why we're on down.
And so now we to go from four minutes to hours.
Hopefully you're saying to yourself, we know that 60 Minutes is equal to one hour and I know I'm going
through this a little bit faster now, but ideally by now, you should actually be getting the feel
for this.
So we're done with this problem once again.
We actually do have our our on over here.
Our goal was ours.
So we're done with this one.
And when you play this in the calculator, hopefully you do get the answer of twenty three thousand
five hundred ninety meters per hour.
OK, so moving on to the next one, still farther away from earth, travel slower at speeds, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and we are simply converting objects, orbit orbiting at this altitude
travel at seven thousand seven hundred seventy seven point eight meters per second.
And let's convert this to miles per hour.
Once again, we're going to be converting this two miles per hour.
OK, so we do have our seven thousand seven hundred seventy seven point eight meters and we're going
to be converting this sorry.
And on the bottom, we actually do have our second.
So it's meters per second.
Those are units.
Once again, we're going to be converting from miles, I'm sorry, from meters to miles and then seconds
to hours.
So I'm just going to fly through this one right now.
We're going to be looking at this one to actually get from our meters to feet because our goal is to
actually get to our seconds.
And so we have meters, meters on the bottom.
Over here.
One meter is equal to three point twenty eight feet.
Unit cancellation.
And now we have our feet, hopefully, we're saying by now we have our feet and miles, that would make
sense.
So we have five thousand two hundred eighty feet is equal to one mile to our unique cancellation.
And we're left with miles on the top, which is great considering that's our goal.
Now, we just won't convert our seconds to ours.
Hopefully we're saved by now.
We have 60 seconds is equal to one minute, you know, cancellation
and coming over here and saying that 60 Minutes is equal to one hour.
Cancel these out our goals hours.
We have hours in the bottom over here indicating to us that we're done with this problem and we should
put this into our calculator and get our final answer of seventeen thousand three hundred ninety four
miles per hour.